Added Title Metadata to TARDIS Website (#9)
tardis-sn/tardis-sn.github.io: content/_index.md

    background: gray
    title: Latest Posts
seo:
  title: TARDIS-SN

>   description: Website for TARDIS-SN 

Reviewer: This is not how you describe something. Suppose you shared Numfocus website on twitter, it shouldn't say Website for NumFOCUS, right? :sweat_smile:

It instead describes what NumFOCUS is. Do the same for TARDIS for all 3 descriptions - you can use our twitter bio (https://twitter.com/tardis_sn)

    title: Latest Posts
seo:
  title: TARDIS-SN

>   description: TARDIS is an open-source code to analyze observations of exploding stars. It is developed by a multi-disciplinary team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: A community-developed tool to simulate the spectrum of light emitted by exploding stars using Monte Carlo techniques.
```

      value: TARDIS-SN
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'

>       value: TARDIS is an open-source code to analyze observations of exploding stars. It is developed by a multi-disciplinary team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      value: A community-developed tool to simulate the spectrum of light emitted by exploding stars using Monte Carlo techniques.
```

    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: TARDIS-SN
    - name: 'twitter:description'

>       value: TARDIS is an open-source code to analyze observations of exploding stars. It is developed by a multi-disciplinary team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      value: A community-developed tool to simulate the spectrum of light emitted by exploding stars using Monte Carlo techniques.
```
